right let's see what a former nightclub
manager has to offer the Brits abroad
huge many extraordinary men and and then
different themes flamenco burger night
let's go back menu Chinese chicken or
pork confused so what the [ __ ] going
on if I'd wanted a Chinese I would have
gone to one but I'm in Spain
let's hope Lawrence's signature dish of
prawns in chocolate sauce gives me the
flavor of the Med cool down I mean it's
worse than chocolate sauce it's a hot
over spicy chili couple of salt well
that's just stupid arrogance running
trying to match something that's never
gonna go
if that's how Laurence serves up fresh
local prawns then I wonder what he's got
in store for my Philly steak kebab boys
gone to the kebab which is why well
factor dish when it comes out on the
hood so I think he gets to see that bit
of what we do is that how they're always
so oh Jesus [ __ ] me it's the kind of
thing you imagine Jordan eating with the
[ __ ] hands behind the back is someone
taking the piss how can you expect
something like that that we cooked at
the same time I feel it stayed kebab may
not sound that exciting we should taste
delicious and that in terms of
presentation looks like a Polish [ __ ] if
I thought my kebab was overcooked that's
nothing compared to what's happening to
my creme catalana
so that's smoke communications ever
became my dessert it's just when they
bend the top burn that's all not burn
burn the kitchen down that mean well
it's certainly burn it looks like a
[ __ ] ice hockey puck look at it comes
with an appointment the dentist tomorrow
morning at 9:30
hey is liquid and it's it's ruined so
when you sat with all these fresh
ingredients on your doorstep and the
climate they've got the simpler it is
the better is gonna be unfortunately
I've got more complicated and tried to
be clever and completely lost the
[ __ ] plan the first rule for running
a restaurant in Spain is don't ruin good
produce with fancy gimmicks good food
will always sell itself
Lawrence's novelty dishes may have been
designed to turn heads but all it's done
for me
is turn my stomach prawns the flavour
the pawns is extraordinary Sh
vibrant why do you want to [ __ ] around
and put chocolate sauce on there and cuz
I don't want to be boring I want to be
exciting I thought it was [ __ ]
hideous didn't work but then I came to
this [ __ ] slob that kebab have you
actually ever sat at a table and watched
six customers with his [ __ ] donkey's
dick swinging in front of their face
it's hilarious
well that is that lazy you know it's a
talking point it's it's a it's a welfare
that's the wow factor yeah it's a
Phyllis take yeah it was tough as old
boots I don't know yep before you start
liking my helping up let me just show
you a cube that big an excuse that big
I'm not gonna cook the same time oh [ __ ]
me here we go girl just finish the
sentence first sim better than you can
[ __ ] come back on me in a minute that
out there was embarrassing so it's
painful if it's painful for me and
you're 102 thousand [ __ ] euros in the
[ __ ] [ __ ] knows how you sleep at night
that's hurt
you know I feel so [ __ ] about the whole
thing but deep down I really wanted to
work and want my dream to come true
your ass pain you don't have to be that
[ __ ] quirky to be good I'll see in
the morning I've certainly got my work
cut out
I get the feeling nightclub boy isn't
going to give up his novelty dishes
without a fight